On behalf of all my colleagues in the nursing home
Thanks to Tang's large donation
Miss Tang is kind-hearted
There will be good luck
Miss Tang, say a few words
Of course I am, but do a good thing
obligatory
Fellow Daoists are really haunting
It's urgent
How did you get in?
Didn't you see it?
I spend money to invest
Came in with dignity
It's amazing to be rich
Ah nurse
The nurse kicked him out for me
Mr. Song, I am here, I am here
Hey, Miss Tang has been looking for you for a long time. Here are your clothes.
Mr. Song, I will take care of you today.
Don't come here.
Mr. Song, you are so excited
It's time to take your medicine
I don't take medicine
Help! Help!